Add GOVERNANCE and MAINTAINERS (#1224)
f3d-app/f3d: doc/dev/GOVERNANCE.md

# Governance Policy

> This document provides the governance policy for the F3D Project. Maintainers agree to this policy and to abide by all Project polices, including the [code of conduct](../../CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md) by adding their name to the [maintainers.md file](./MAINTAINERS.md).

Reviewer: I think 'project' should be lowercase, its used throughout the document with both capital P and lowercase p, so at a minimum it should at least be consistent

Reviewer 2: I would keep `Project` with an uppercase, but we need to define it when it appears the first time, just like other specific terms like `Maintainers` or `Contributors`. Something like:

```suggestion
This document provides the governance policy for F3D (the "Project"). [Every person](./MAINTAINERS.md) responsible for its maintenance (the "Maintainers") agrees to this policy and abides by all Project policies, including the [code of conduct](../../CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md) by adding their name to the [maintainers.md file](./MAINTAINERS.md).
```

## 1. Roles.

> This project include the following roles.

Reviewer: includes

> **1.1. Maintainers**. Maintainers are responsible for organizing activities around developing, maintaining, and updating the Project. Maintainers are also responsible for determining consensus. The Project may add or remove Maintainers by affirmative vote of 2/3 of all Maintainers.

Author: that doesnt seems necessary to me, cause the section will be quite short

> **1.2. Contributors**. Contributors are those that have made contributions to the Project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**1.2. Contributors**. Contributors are those who have made contributions to the Project.
```

## 2. Decisions.

> **2.1. Consensus-Based Decision Making**. Projects make decisions through consensus of the Maintainers. While explicit agreement of all Maintainers is preferred, it is not required for consensus. Rather, the Maintainers will determine consensus based on their good faith consideration of a number of factors, including the dominant view of the Contributors and nature of support and objections. The Maintainers will document evidence of consensus in accordance with these requirements using issues comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**2.1. Consensus-Based Decision Making**. Projects make decisions through the consensus of the Maintainers. While explicit agreement of all Maintainers is preferred, it is not required for consensus. Rather, the Maintainers will determine consensus based on their good faith consideration of several factors, including the dominant view of the Contributors and the nature of support and objections. The Maintainers will document evidence of consensus in accordance with these requirements using issues comments.
```

# Governance Policy

> This document provides the governance policy for F3D (the "Project"). [Every person](./MAINTAINERS.md) responsible for its maintenance (the "Maintainers") agrees to this policy and to abide by all Project polices, including the [code of conduct](../../CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md) by adding their name to the [MAINTAINERS.md file](./MAINTAINERS.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides the governance policy for F3D (the "Project"). [Every person](./MAINTAINERS.md) responsible for its maintenance (the "Maintainers") agrees to this policy and to abide by all Project policies, including the [code of conduct](../../CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md) by adding their name to the [MAINTAINERS.md file](./MAINTAINERS.md).
```

## 1. Roles

This Project includes the following roles.

### 1.1. Maintainers

Maintainers are responsible for organizing activities around developing, maintaining, and updating the Project. Maintainers are also responsible for determining consensus. The Project may add or remove Maintainers by affirmative vote of 2/3 of all Maintainers.

### 1.2. Contributors

Contributors are those who have made contributions to the Project.

## 2. Decisions

### 2.1 Consensus-Based Decision Making

> The Project make decisions through the consensus of the Maintainers. While explicit agreement of all Maintainers is preferred, it is not required for consensus. Rather, the Maintainers will determine consensus based on their good faith consideration of a several factors, including the dominant view of the Contributors and the nature of support and objections. The Maintainers will document evidence of consensus in accordance with these requirements using issues comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Project makes decisions through the consensus of the Maintainers. While explicit agreement of all Maintainers is preferred, it is not required for consensus. Rather, the Maintainers will determine consensus based on their good faith consideration of several factors, including the dominant view of the Contributors and the nature of support and objections. The Maintainers will document evidence of consensus in accordance with these requirements using issues comments.
```
